# Homework 2

Murray's piece on "digital environments" was an interesting look at computer games and simulations from a time when they were in their infancy. I wonder how she would revise this piece looking back at what developed since. The word "procedural" has developed a different meaning in regards to video game development, (referring to when assets are developed at runtime by the the game code,) and I'm sure she we would have some thoughts on games that make heavy use of these "procedural" systems, such as Minecraft.

Inky was easy to work with. I only used the simple choice and gather features, so the branching was not very complex, but it was a good start towards developing something more involved in the future. Poking around the provided sample stories was interesting; I was surprised to find stories that character stats and used them for "skill check" type actions. I'm sure this would be very useful for someone developing a more fleshed out game, so it's interesting that I do not know of any games that use the Ink language.

Storytelling is such an old art form, so I find it very exciting to live in a time where so much innovation is possible all at once. Unlike written word, interactive digital narratives do not an extensive history to draw standards from. I think experimentation, while possibly risky, is necessary for writers of video games and other forms of digital narrative to push both the medium forward, as well as their own creative engine. If you play it safe, you are miss out on staking your claim on the artistic landscape.
