# HW3 Writeup

This week for my programming assignment, I decided to use inky to recreate the "cross examination" sequences from the *Ace Attorney* series of games. The setting of the ink story is a trial in which a woman was murdered with a pet rock. I wasn't able to fully finish due to time constraints, but I am very happy with the technical parts that I got working. I managed to get a menu with selectable evidence items, and navigable cross-examination statements.

After reading the Bogost and Sicart readings, I am thoroughly on the side of Sicart. I think the "proceduralist view," especially Bogost's, is quite reductive. The "unit operations" idea came off to me as Bogost trying to create a theoretical framework for the sake of it, I don't get the point in defining a game to be the code. To fully contain the meaning of aS work, especially an interactive work, within the work and the author's intent, both misunderstands the unique qualities of the medium, and also locks a game creator out of creating many many genres of games. To think that the game Super Mario 64 means the same to a child exploring the game's varied environments for the first time and a speedruner who backwards long jumps through doors to defeat Bowser in under 10 minutes is a strange opinion to have. I wonder if Bogost has changed his opinion since 2006. I think time has proven Sicart right. Since then, *Minecraft* was released, which I view as a seminal game for encouraging player freedom. *Minecraft* can be social game, a first-person shooter, a medium for creative expression, a logical puzzle game, or any other infinite number of things. I think that game alone is enough to prove Bogost wrong.